README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="./public/logo.png" alt="storyteller">
</p>

Static site generator to visualize project progress. Accept GitHub issues as a source of information.

## Usage

![workflow](./.example/workflow.png)

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and configure it. (See below)
2. Run `npm install && npm run build`.
3. Serve `out/` and open it on your browser.
4. (Cache `.workspace.json` to speed up the next build.)

## Configuration

| variable                          | default | description                                                               |
| --------------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `SOURCES`                         | -       | A sequence of source locator separated by `,`.                            |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_RECENT_DAYS`         | `30`    | Range of days highlighted in a darker color on the progress bar.          |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SPRINT_DAYS`         | `14`    | Number of days per sprint.                                                |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_DEFAULT_STORY_POINT` | `1`     | Default story point for tasks for which no story point has been assigned. |

## Available source locator types

Each source locator could have the form `<TYPE>:<QUERY>`. `<TYPE>` defaults to `github` if `<TYPE>:` is omitted.

### `github:<OWNER>/<NAME>[?<OPTIONS>]`

[GitHub CLI](https://github.com/cli/cli#installation) is required.

Treat the GitHub repository `<OWNER>/<NAME>` as a source. Each issue is considered a task, and the label named `sp:<STORY_POINT>` is considered a story point assignment. Closed issues are considered completed tasks.

`<OPTIONS>` consists of a sequence of options separated by `&`. Valid options are:

- `label=<LABEL>`: Only issues labeled with `<LABEL>` will be collected.

### `file:<PATH>`

Treat the JSON file `<PATH>` as a source. The input JSON must satisfy the `ProjectData` type defined in [src/source.ts](./src/source.ts).

Commit message:

Deploy to gh-pages with GitHub Actions
Make it compatible with project GitHub pages

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="./public/logo.png" alt="storyteller">
</p>

Static site generator to visualize project progress. Accept GitHub issues as a source of information.

- [Visualization example](https://yubrot.github.io/storyteller/)

## Usage

![workflow](./.example/workflow.png)

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and configure it. (See below)
2. Run `npm install && npm run build`.
3. Serve `out/` and open it on your browser.
4. (Cache `.workspace.json` to speed up the next build.)

## Configuration

| variable                          | default | description                                                                 |
| --------------------------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `SOURCES`                         | -       | A sequence of source locator separated by `,`.                              |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_RECENT_DAYS`         | `30`    | Range of days highlighted in a darker color on the progress bar.            |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SPRINT_DAYS`         | `14`    | Number of days per sprint.                                                  |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_DEFAULT_STORY_POINT` | `1`     | Default story point for tasks for which no story point has been assigned.   |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_ASSET_PREFIX`        | `/`     | Asset path prefix. Set to `/<repository>/` if you use project GitHub pages. |

## Available source locator types

Each source locator could have the form `<TYPE>:<QUERY>`. `<TYPE>` defaults to `github` if `<TYPE>:` is omitted.

### `github:<OWNER>/<NAME>[?<OPTIONS>]`

[GitHub CLI](https://github.com/cli/cli#installation) is required.

Treat the GitHub repository `<OWNER>/<NAME>` as a source. Each issue is considered a task, and the label named `sp:<STORY_POINT>` is considered a story point assignment. Closed issues are considered completed tasks.

`<OPTIONS>` consists of a sequence of options separated by `&`. Valid options are:

- `label=<LABEL>`: Only issues labeled with `<LABEL>` will be collected.

### `file:<PATH>`

Treat the JSON file `<PATH>` as a source. The input JSON must satisfy the `ProjectData` type defined in [src/source.ts](./src/source.ts).
